Add README (#3)
meltano/.github: README.md

# .github repository

> This repository contains the workflow for synchronizing labels between all repositories in the `meltano` namespace. 
> 
> To add a new label, add new entry to the `labels.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains config files and workflows for all repositories in the [meltano](https://github.com/meltano) GitHub org (and occasionally the [MeltanoLabs]https://github.com/MeltanoLabs) GitHub org too).

## Label Synchronization

The file [`labels.yaml`](https://github.com/meltano/.github/blob/main/labels.yaml) specifies labels which are synchronized across all repositories in the [meltano](https://github.com/meltano) and [MeltanoLabs]https://github.com/MeltanoLabs) GitHub orgs. They are updated when the file is updated on the `main` branch, or when the label sync workflow is run manually.

To add a new label, add new entry to [`labels.yaml`](https://github.com/meltano/.github/blob/main/labels.yaml) under the `labels` key:
```
